Hello, okay, so what I am building is basically a PSCRM, which is a smart CRM for complaints, okay? So the first major thing that we are doing different is, we are not mapping complaints. As you know, there are many infrastructure around which complaints revolve, right? Like for example, for an area, if there is a pothole, then people will complain about that pothole. So we have to make our system know that all those complaints are about that pothole, so we should not display thousands and lakhs of complaints, but actually the infrastructure. So we will display the infrastructure, and then the lakhs of complaints will be summarized using our AI or any other thing that is more feasible to give out the most repeated complaints extracted from it about, like for example, potholes if there are accidents are happening and this and this. This will be contents about many complaints, right? So they will be repeated. So we will just extract all of those and give a summary out, so that the officials can then make out a task and everything. So the flow will be, user will file a complaint using our web portal, okay? They will give locations, address, we'll do that using PostGIS and React, and the photos also. We make their embedding, then the embedding. is then mapped to the respective departments. Like for example, we are making for Delhi, right? So Delhi has many departments. A specific department does a specific job and they also have their jurisdiction area. So we have to take care of mapping the complaints to the right department, to the right jurisdiction area of that department. For several complaints, there may happen that it is being mapped for multiple departments. So it is true, many complaints are for multi-department work. So we need to assign the workflow for them. So workflow is also generated, but that is a part for later. But for example, if a complaint has low confidence of the mapping that has been done, so it will be reflected on the official's dashboard and he can then route it to the correct department. He will not see complaint again. He will not see complaint. The complaint will generate a infra node, right? Like for example, if a new pothole is there and it is 10 to 14 meters far from the other pothole that has its complaint already registered, so it will be a new infra node, right? So the new infra node will be displayed to, let's say, waterworks department, but the waterworks department is not responsible for potholes. The engineering department is. So he will then route that specific infrastructure to the engineering department. And all the complaints for that infrastructure node will be routed to the engineering department. So we are basically mapping to infrastructure, okay? We are using clusters of complaints and everything. We are showing it in a map box, map, which is a 3D map. Then the ingestion will be from the website, okay? Now, the admin. There are three types of admin, super admin, admin, and official. Official is, super admin is basically the head of the department of city. For each department, there is a department head, right? For waterworks, for engineering, for PWD, everything. So he is the head of department. He will see everything. The complaints that have been resolved, the complaints that are ongoing, the tasks that have been ongoing or have not been completed, canceled midway, the profiles of workers, the profiles of admins, the profiles of officials, how they are doing, is the work sufficient or not, how the survey results are coming. Then the same goes for admin, but for their branch. Admin are basically branch heads for the department. They will only see all these details for their own officials. Officials come again below admins. They are basically employees who work for that specific branch. They are the people who assign the complaints, assign the tasks for the complaint resolution. Complaint in the sense, again, infrastructure resolution. So the next thing is, okay, so the next thing is, official will assign the complaint to contractors and workers.There are already contractors for every department and workers too that work in their own department. So the official will assign the work to the workers and contractors. So what will happen now is, workers will get assigned a work. Now, we also value transparency, right? So we will send a notification to all the people who complained and also the people around that area of where the infrastructure is going to be repaired about the details of the worker and the official and the task that has been assigned, okay? Then midway of the work, there will be a survey and also a follow-up for the official. This will happen through our agenting system without any interference from the official or any admin and super admin. The survey will contain things like how the work is going on, is it a worker is coming or not, and those things. Then the same will also be done during the end of the work. So we will need the official, so we will also need the workers and contractors endpoint UI, right, so that they can update the status, give photos of before and after, give the follow-up, surveys for their own task assigned. They can see their task, they can have their task, right? Now agenting workflow with human in the loop will be there. The service will be automatic, the notifications will be automatic, but the workflow, let's say for a task or a specific workflow, is already in the system, but that workflow is not suitable for that specific task. So it is editable by the official, okay? So that this new edited workflow will be stored in the database with all the conditions that it was used for, like what was the complaint, what was the infrastructure needed, and what was the complaints for that infrastructure. And then for the next time if the similar complaint comes, we will recommend that workflow to the... official. So this is the learning-based thing that we are doing and the agentic and human in the loop is there. Then we will assign the work to a specific contractor or worker, or we will also request tender for a specific work if the contractor is not there. That tender will be approved by the super admin, first admin and then super admin. Now also, let's say, infrastructure was repaired and then in three years, the same infrastructure is getting the complaint. Same infrastructure is basically an infrastructure node. Node is basically the geo-location and the infrastructure. So let's say, for example, in Durga Nagar, there is a pole on the side of the black house. That is the infrastructure node. Many poles can be there, but the node of that specific infrastructure is unique, right? So that will be stored in our system as a problem solved for that specific node. But if in three years again, the problem comes and if it was assigned to a contractor, then the contractor will be liable to do it in free of cost. So for such complaints that again get complaints in three years, those will be critical complaints and they will show up as alerts in our dashboard. Not as notification alerts, but in a separate section for officials and for admin and super admin to view. So this is the whole flow. We are going to use GCP, PubSub, Firebase notifications for survey, Firebase auth, React for front-end, PostgreSQL, PG vector, PostGIS. Then for backend, it's Python, FastAPI basically. Vertex AI is also going to be used, Cloud Run is going to be used. So these are all the requirements, okay. Next, I will send you the files that I have already made.